I bet you don't even like crayons
Your mother is a respected member of society
Did you even have breakfast this morning?
You need to brush your teeth mister/missy
I will spit ALL OVER your petunias!
Those shirts don't even match those shoes
Were you trying to dodge into that attack?
You need to learn to bow to your overlords more often
I bet you shower naked slut
HA! Loser! You're a LOSER!
You're just a big fat phony
That armor does make you look fat
Have you considered easy mode?
Misteratombomb can't even put his pants on right
Maybe you'd have better luck on an easier game?
Your dog only thinks you're decent
If there was a competition for worst video game player you'd be the world champion
The stream quality's getting pretty bad, try leaving to make it better
The best part about this stream is when it's offline
If I was in a room with you, Hitler and Osama Bin Laden and I had a gun with two bullets I'd shoot you twice
You're not funny, but your stream, now that's a joke
They wouldn't do so much damage if you blocked them
You deserve a long life of tables with uneven legs
I wish you'd get mosquito bites between your toes
Everyone who ever loved you was wrong
Your breath smells like a wet flip-flop
Mr. Rogers would be disappointed in the person you've become
You couldn't pour water out of a boot if the instructions were written on the heel
Dishonor on you! Dishonor on your cow!
You have a face for radio
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries!
You couldn't point out the Earth on a globe!
You're tacky and I hate you
I could give you a penny for your thoughts and would get change back
I could have been your dad but the guy behind me had exact change
I'm thinking you weren't burdened with an overabundance of schooling
My days of not takin' you seriously are certainly coming to a middle.
The jerk store called. They're running out of you!
You cotton headed ninny muggins!
Were you born on a highway? Because that's where most accidents happen
Your intellect is rivaled only by garden tools
I'd challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you're unarmed
You lewd, crude, rude, bag of pre-chewed food, dude!
Don't touch my lemons!
If you were any more stupid, we'd have to water you twice a week.
If my dog had your face I'd shave his butt and teach him to walk backwards.
Your mother is so classless, she could be a marxist utopia.